Avalon: Self Promotion Site for ArtistsDescription:Avalon in one sentence can be described as a way of helping any artist (Painter, DJ, etc.) to promote his creative content with like-minded people. Service works in tandem with several API’s:• Soundcloud• Facebook• Instagram• DeviantArt• YouTube• Vimeo• Google Accounts• Google Maps• Paypal• TwitterUser:• Allow users with similar interests meet and share work with each other.• Make a project finder service that allows artists to find work and other users to post work. Also make it easy for groups of artists to meet and collaborate with each other.• Chatting and friend service.• User can add:	o Tracks	o Videos	o Events	o Charts (Sets of content)	o Podcasts 	o ImagesService:• Soundcloud is used for music exclusively. Later on the service will provide its own audio service working alongside Soundcloud.• Facebook to further promote your content with its user base. Facebook images can be used for images of events to be uploaded.• Instagram allows photographers to upload their images. Later on the service will also provide an image service working alongside Instagram.• DeviantArt allows any kind of visual art to be uploaded. This will also work with the image service.• Youtube and Vimeo will allow filmmakers to post their videos on the site by only sharing their links.• Google accounts will be used as another way of validation and as a way to further promote content with its user base.• Google Maps API will allow users to pinpoint the exact locations of events.• Paypal handles payments.• Twitter allows user to tweet about his or other people’s work.Gamification:• Refer a friend. As soon as friend pays premium monthly fee, then give free month to person who referred him.• Pay for promotion. For a fee that is relative to the amount of time that the user wants to have his content get the VIP treatment, promote his content through ads.• If user gets a considerable amount of views or “likes”, then show him in like the trending, hot today, or w/e kind of trending section appropriate for his content.
